oh hello everybody at the top of last
week's ask cristen I asked if anyone had
cures for spring fever because I had a
major case of spring fever and you know
what the universe did it made it 73
degrees outside and I'm getting over a
cold
literally I caught spring fever spring
food poisoning to be more specific but
that's disgusting
thanks a lot nature your questions and
no more of my complaining after the
intro last week on the show the question
was whether or not Millennials are
scared of commitment a couple comments
that jumped out to me Kelis said I don't
see why being married is what you need
to do to be considered committed I don't
know if my partner and I will ever get
married but it doesn't mean we're not
committed to each other we just bought a
house together if that doesn't say I
want to spend the next 20 or so years in
my life with you then I don't know what
does I thought of buying a house
Calliste I think my spring fever just
went up a couple of degrees Lela Kasich
also weighed in saying there used to be
the norm of getting married when you
wanted to have six now we really don't
have this pressure and I like it people
are not forced to be tied together so
strongly if they are not ready and so
probably when people are ready and find
the right person to marry those
marriages will be happier one can only
hope that if we're waiting longer we're
being wiser and more prudent about this
massive legal decision that we're making
that is marriage I clearly win the award
for the most romantic woman on the face
of the planet this week's ask Cristen
question actually did not pop up in the
ask Cristen comments but from another
stuff mom never told you video last week
but I still wanted to talk about it the
question was how healthy are
long-distance relationships first up
let's talk about research on
long-distance relationships versus
geographically close relationships I
found was a surprisingly mixed bag of
study results generally speaking
researchers assumed that long-distance
relationships were beneficial in the
sense that they didn't necessarily come
with the day-to-day frictions that
closer proximity relationships can
involve it's the whole absence makes the
heart grow fonder theory
scientific side note there was one study
I found looking at women in
long-distance relationships it found
that their levels of testosterone are
elevated in the days leading up to when
they're going to go meet up with their
long-distance lover that's a signal of
that hormonal anticipation of like oh my
god I'm finally gonna go get to make out
with you already there's also this idea
that if you're in a long-distance
relationship you have a greater
investment in the positive outcome of
that relationship you have to make a
choice to be in a long-distance
relationship and maintain that
long-distance relationship for however
long it has to be that also right there
is the downside that researchers often
point to that distance factor can
actually make it a little bit tougher to
readjust once you are finally living in
the same space or living in a closer
proximity to each other for people who
have what psychologist term anxious
attachment style that clingy or people
in relationships long-distance
relationships can be really tough you're
not getting that more regular
face-to-face feedback one anecdotal note
though a few years ago stuff I never
told you the podcast did an episode on
long-distance relationships and we heard
from so many people who were in
long-distance relationships that were
successful they all shared a common
theme of making that decision to go
long-distance but only for a specified
amount of time if they were able to make
it work they were more committed to each
other than ever before because they had
to get through that period I do think
that there are certain ground rules that
go into long-distance relationships that
might be a little bit different from
face-to-face relationships you need to
be able to be radically honest about
what you want and expect in terms of
monogamy how do you move the
relationship forward while you are not
living close to each other it's
absolutely possible but there's got to
be a lot of trust there and a light at
the end of tunnel either scenario
whether long distance or close proximity
comes with its own pros and cons it just
depends on what you and your partner
want out of the relationship for the
long-term
whether you are sharing an apartment
someone like I am or in another country
it's usually all about communications I
want to know if anyone watching is in or
has been in a long-distance relationship
how did you make it work or if it didn't
work out what were the pitfalls lend
your long-distance relationship advice
below and if you have any questions for
next time let me know in the comments as
well and I'll get right to them where
that voice come from